.TH WARGUS 6 "Feb 2016" "Wargus v2.4"
.SH NAME
wargus \- Warcraft II data game set for the Stratagus engine
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Wargus is data game set for Stratagus engine. This is only launcher and wrapper
for Stratagus, and shares most of its commandline arguments.
.TP
Wargus has specific command line arguments to quickstart a single player game.
.TP
.B -c singleplayer -G map=(path-to-map),type=0,aiplayers=1,aiscripts=(wc2-land-attack|wc2-air-attack|...),[reveal]
These arguments start a single player game with one AI opponent using the
selected AI script.
.TP
.B -c singleplayer -G map=(path-to-map),type=2,aiplayers=2,aiscripts=wc2-land-attack:wc2-air-attack
These arguments start a quick machine vs machine game, pitting the land attack
vs the air attack AI. This way of running the game can be very useful for
evaluating different AIs quickly against each other, as well as for training
external AI agents that interface through some other means with the game. This
has been used (for example) to train a reinforcement learning AI to play the
game.
.TP
Wargus has specific command line arguments to start multiplayer games:
.TP
.B -c multiplayer -G server,numplayers=(number),map=(path-to-map)[,dedicated,race=(orc|human),player=(nick),fow=(1|0),reveal=(0|1),resources=(low|medium|high),units=1]
These arguments start a multiplayer server. It will directly select the passed
map and wait for numplayers players to join and become ready (including the
server), before automatically starting the game. The numplayers and map
arguments are required, the race, player nickname, fow (Fog of war), reveal
(Reveal map), resources and units options are optional. Note that if there are
spaces or other characters that must be escaped in the nickname or map path,
you must escape them (or enclose the entire argument in quotes). If the
dedicated option is passed, the server will itself only be an AI player, and
wait for numplayers clients to connect (excluding the server).
.TP
.B -c multiplayer -G client,ip=(server-ip)[,race=(orc|human),player=(nick)]
These arguments start a multiplayer game as client. It will directly join the
specified server and announce itself as ready. The ip argument is required, the
race and player nickname are optional. Note that if there are spaces or other
characters that must be escaped in the nickname, you must escape them (or
enclose the entire argument in quotes).
.TP
See \fIstratagus\fP(6) for a full list of command line arguments.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PD 0
.TP
\fIstratagus\fP(6), \fIwartool\fP(6), \fIpudconvert\fP(6)
.SH NOTES
Warcraft II is a registered trademark of Blizzard Entertainment.
.SH AUTHOR
Wargus launcher is written by Pali Rohár <pali.rohar@gmail.com> .
.PP
This manual page was written by Pali Rohár <pali.rohar@gmail.com> and Tim
Felgentreff <timfelgentreff@gmail.com>.
